Add a new adr to list the different options for the app endpoints documentation (#141)
microsoft/ccf-app-samples: data-reconciliation-app/docs/adr/09-api-documentation.md

This document can be imported into [`https://editor.swagger.io/`](https://editor.swagger.io/) to generate a UI that allows developers to explore and test the application endpoints.

currently CCF implementation is lacking the methodology for deploying the different options supported by OpenAPI as a part of application bundle `app.json`, like (info, schemes, securityDefinitions, host)

### Option2: New backend application

Create a new separate backend application that returns an OpenAPI documentation UI (swagger-ui), 

- the application can act as a wrapper on the top of CCF OpenAPI endpoint to get the document and convert it to UI and return result, this application could be (.NET - Nodejs - or any other type)

- or the application will depend on a separate copy of openAPI document, defined inside the application boundary and this document will be used to generate a UI (this document need to be maintained a long side with the endpoints )

## Decision

First option will be selected because
- It has the least development and maintenance effort

> - As it is leveraging the build-in feature of CCF, it will evolved and be updated automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- As it is leveraging the built-in feature of CCF, it will evolve and be updated automatically.
```

Author: Done
